NXP-27724: add webui description to readme (#660)
nuxeo/nuxeo-web-ui: README.md

## Nuxeo Web UI

### About

> Nuxeo Web UI is a standard base web application for Nuxeo Server that connects via HTTP. Customizable, scalable and built upon a framework of Web components, it allows Nuxeo Platform developers to build their own front-end application using these components.

Reviewer: What about something like:
```suggestion
Nuxeo Web UI is a standard base web application for Nuxeo Server that connects via HTTP and allows users to explore most features of the platform. Customizable, scalable and built upon a web components, Web UI can be easily adapted and configured to meet different needs and purposes.
```
